<b>Nationwide Prohibition</b>(break)(break)✦ It operated at the federal level from 1920 to 1933.(break)✦ Introduced by the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, adopted on January 16, 1919.(break)✦ It was abolished by the ratification of the 21st Amendment to the U.S. Constitution on December 5, 1933.(break)✦ During the entire period of operation, the Law was inseparable from the illegal production and import of alcohol (bootlegging).
<b>Bootlegging</b>(break)(break)✦ It reached its peak during the period of the "Dry" Law in the United States.(break)✦ During police raids, bootleggers often used shoes with soles that mimic the hooves of a horse(colon) criminals used it to cover their tracks - moving through wet soil, they left hoofprints corresponding to hooves, which often confused law enforcement officers.
<b>Champagne Coupe</b>(break)(break)✦ Legend has it that the left breast of Marie Antoinette, wife of King Louis XVI of France, has become the standard for the shape and volume of champagne glasses for many centuries.(break)✦ It is absolutely known that the queen loved to drink champagne and held lavish balls. It was she who ordered the grandiose pyramids to be built from glasses, which were emptied by the guests in a matter of minutes.
<b>Jasper Newton «Jack» Daniel</b>(break)(break)✦ Founder of the most popular American whiskey brand — Jack Daniel's.(break)✦ An interesting fact concerns the death of a businessman. According to one version, one day Jack Daniel came to work and tried to open his safe. Since in the seventh decade of his life he began to suffer from memory problems, he once again could not remember the code, and his nephew, an accountant who could help him, was not there yet. In a fit of rage, he kicked the safe and broke his toe. Untimely medical intervention led to blood poisoning and death.
<b>Pulque</b>(break)(break)✦ Since there is no reliable version of the origin of the oldest Mexican alcoholic beverage, the history of its appearance is based on various legends. According to one of them, in the early morning an opossum broke into one of the settlements of local tribes, turning everything in its path. The inhabitants who were chasing the unexpected guest found themselves in a field where agave grew. The possum was found under one of the plants(colon) the locals decided that, apparently, the animal had drunk too much fermented juice, which flowed abundantly down the walls of the agave. Perhaps the bad weather that preceded that morning caused lightning to hit the field, as a result of which the juice began to ferment. And the non-standard behavior of the possum was associated with the effect of drinking this drink.
<b>How to drink a whiskies</b>(break)(break)✦ The rule for evaluating the whiskey in front of you is based on the principle of five «S»:(break)(break)1.Sight(colon) at the first stage, you need to evaluate the color and consistency of the drink, make sure there are no impurities;(break)(break)2. Smell(colon) feel the whole range of its flavors. Some people stretch this stage(colon) first inhale whiskey immediately after it is poured, and then return to it and evaluate the smell after the drink has been breathed;(break)(break)3.Swish(colon) Take a sip of whiskey. But it is precisely to «sip», and not to take a big sip. You won't understand anything that way. You need to hold a small amount of whiskey in your mouth so that it wraps around your throat;(break)(break)4. Swish;(break)(break)5. Splash(colon) to know the full depth of whiskey, you should dilute it with water (5-8 ml per serving of whiskey) so that the latter reveals its taste and aroma in full force.
<b>How to drink a cognac</b>(break)(break)✦ It is important to remember that the worst «companion» of cognac are citrus fruits(colon) because of their taste receptor absorption properties.(break)✦ When choosing an accompaniment to cognac, it is customary to follow the rule of three «C», based on the first letters of the bar positions in English spelling:(break)1. Coffee(colon) is only natural (not instant), with no milk added(colon) espresso or americano;(break)2. Chocolate(colon) bitter, sugar-free and with a high (preferably more than 85%) cocoa content;(break)3. Sigar.
<b>Champagne bottle</b>(break)(break)✦ The pressure in a champagne bottle is 5-6 bar (this is almost three times more than the tire pressure of a car).(break)(break)✦ Muselet, patented on July 5, 1844, comes from the French museler, which means «muzzle», «to put on a muzzle». It is made of low−carbon galvanized or enameled steel wire with a thickness of 0.7-1.0 mm and a length of 52-60 cm. Semi-mechanized machines, semi-automatic machines or automatic machines are put on the cork and fixed under the whisk of the bottle neck.
<b>Champagne bottle Sizes</b>(break)(break)✦ Piccolo - 187.6 ml;(break)✦ Quarter - 200 ml (20 cl);(break)✦ Fillette - 375 ml (37.5 cl);(break)✦ Champenoise - 750 ml (75 cl);(break)✦ Magnum - 1.5 l;(break)✦ Jeroboam - 3.0 l;(break)✦ Rehoboam - 4.5 l;(break)✦ Methuselah - 4.5 l;(break)✦ Salmanazar - 6.0 l;(break)✦ Salmanazar - 9.0 l;(break)✦ Balthazar - 12.0 l;(break)✦ Nebuchadnezzar - 15.0 l;(break)✦ Solomon - 18.0 l;(break)✦ Sovereign - 25.0 l;(break)✦ Primat (Goliath) - 27.0 l;(break)✦ Melchizedek (Midas) - 30.0 л.
<b>Speakeasy</b>(break)(break)✦ «Why do you need a Nobel Prize if it does not give you the opportunity to enter the speakeasy?» - said Nobel laureate Sinclair Lewis. During the Prohibition period in the USA, speakeasies became an important phenomenon for the entire bar industry.(break)✦ Bars without signs, accepting only initiates, were a phenomenon of those years that allowed you to spend the evening with a glass of your favorite drink, albeit of questionable quality, which forced you to create cocktails to hide the taste of low-quality alcohol or disguise strong drinks in the event of a police raid.(break)✦ The term «speakeasy» is borrowed from the jargon of 19th-century smugglers, meaning «to speak softly», which was undoubtedly important during the general prohibition of alcohol consumption and production.
<b>Service la Russe</b>(break)(break)✦ By the second half of the 19th century, Russian-style service had finally replaced the previous forms of service.(break)✦ At its core, it means serving from a serving table or a table on wheels(colon) hot dishes are not placed on the table, but are cut by waiters on the table, and served in equal portions to all interested guests(colon) there is no unbridled luxury and emphasizing the social differences inherent in French serving.
<b>Gourmet</b>(break)(break)✦ In ancient times, a gourmet was a person with a delicate taste who was engaged in evaluating food products.(break)✦ In 1679, gourmet was a wine taster at the Paris marina, who monitored the authenticity of the origin of the drinks.(break)✦ The Academic Dictionary of 1879 clarifies(colon)(break)«a gourmet is a person who understands wines and their storage».(break)✦ The meaning of the word expanded in 1932(colon) a gourmet began to be called someone who seeks high taste and sophistication in food.
<b>«Michelin» Red Guide</b>(break)(break)✦ To date, in fact, the most authoritative publication in the culinary world appeared in 1900. Andre Michelin, who was at the head of the Michellin tire manufacturing company, came up with an excellent idea to publish a reference book that would specify in detail the parking places, the location of hotels, restaurants, cafes, service points that can be used on the road. In 1926, Michelin guides began to mark French establishments with the best cuisine with a star. Over time, the geography of the publication expanded, which required about 90 people who, while maintaining anonymity, visit about 800 restaurants a year.(break)✦ To award the first star, international inspectors visit the restaurant at least four times. The second star is awarded after at least ten visits. Establishments that already have stars are visited every 18 months to check the maintenance of the declared level. That is, the coveted star can not only be obtained, but also lost if the restaurant ceases to meet the high criteria of the directory.
<b>6 rules for handling wine glasses</b>(break)(break)✦ In any case, the glasses should be held either by the base or by the stem.(break)✦ Glasses should be served on a tray, which should not contain other serving items.(break)✦ When serving empty glasses during the service, they are always placed on a tray without turning over.(break)✦ When using the serving table, it is forbidden to carry filled glasses on a tray during service.(break)✦ The glasses are removed in the same way as they are brought(colon) without touching the edge.(break)✦ The glasses should have the same temperature as the air in the hall.
<b>Varieties of champagne wines</b>(break)(break)✦ Depending on the sugar content(colon)(break)Brut Nature - less, than 3g/litre;(break)Brut - range 3-12g/litre;(break)Extra Dry - range 12-17g/litre;(break)Sec - range 17-32g/litre;(break)Demi-Sec - range 32-50g/litre;(break)Doux - more, than 50g/litre(break)(break)✦ Depending on the grape varieties used(colon)(break)Blanc de Blanc - chardonnay only;(break)Blanc de Noir - only red grapes;(break)The absence of the above inscriptions indicates the use of at least 1 red grape variety in the production process, coupled with chardonnay;(break)(break)✦ The absence of the above inscriptions indicates the use of at least 1 red grape variety in the production process, coupled with chardonnay(colon)(break)Non Vintage - with no specifying the year of harvest;(break)Millesimé - indicating the year (usually an exceptional harvest year);(break)(break)✦ Depending on the color(colon)(break)Champagne - light;(break)Champagne Rosé - rose.
<b>«The Rum Triangle»</b>(break)(break)✦ The history of Rum is considered the most cruel, because it was closely connected with the slave trade. «The Rum Triangle» is a system, the essence of which was as follows(colon) molasses, which remained after sugar production, was sent to New England (as the USA was called at that time), where it was distilled into rum. The ready-made rum was shipped to West Africa, where it was exchanged for slaves, who were transported to the West Indies (the so-called Caribbean), where they were engaged in the cultivation and processing of sugar cane, for which they exchanged the slaves who arrived.
<b>Johnnie Walker</b>(break)(break)✦ The dandy with a cane, the symbol of Johnnie Walker, appeared in 1909. The logo was sketched on the back of the menu by a young illustrator Tom Browne during lunch with the Walker brothers.(break)Since 2015, the dandy, who is the personification of the Johnnie Walker brand, has been going to the right on the label, not to the left, as it was before.(break)✦ All labels are positioned at an angle of 24°.